After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Provide a link to your myDb.sql file at GitHub (the file that contains all the SQL commands needed to create your database).

https://github.com/Eli-B-Washington/cs313-php/tree/master/db;
https://github.com/Eli-B-Washington/cs313-php

2. Describe something from your database that you think came together very nicely.
I think that the design for the database makes sense to me right now. It will be easy to connect all of the information when I need it.

3. Describe something from your database that you think could be improved or extended in the future.

Is there a way to automatically put the Primary Key information for each table?  I should probably do that for each entry instead of using
user input.

4. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
I am pretty new to databases so this asssignment helped me to understand what a database is and why it can be useful.
It was cool because I now know how to work with them to a certain extent.


5. Briefly describe two principles of good database design.

One principal of database design is that it doesn't repeat itself.  When I originally made the design for the databases,
 I had all of the information for the board game in the wantToPlay and hasPlayed tables.  This made for redundant information and
 I clipped those elements from the tables. Another principal of good database design is integrity of the data.  Having the Primary and Foreign keys ensures
that the data input in the wantToPlay and hasPlayed tables are for the correct user and board game.


6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements  - This one


7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I designed and created the database according to the requirements and implemented the 
first row of data for each table to make sure that everything looked correct.